Blog post number 10
This is Ryan Kruse, writing my blog post on July 1st, 2018
As I write this post, I am in my apartment on the comedown of a double micro dose day. I have completed programming in Python up to my maximum limits. Additionally, I am almost done for today reading Sam Walton’s Wal-Mart book as well.
So, I suppose that this blog post can detail my thoughts. As I have moved into The Woodlands, I have made the recognition of several adjustments that need to be made in order for me to succeed in a workplace environment. Such adjustments include not white lying at work, otherwise upselling information to make myself look slightly better. It also includes striking a careful balance between reading, programming, and going outside. 
Due to the fact that time is significantly more limited now that I have lost 8 hours every weekday, I am somewhat saddened to see that planning activities has become significantly harder for me. For example, this upcoming week I have been interested in going to several events around Houston, but because of work and the exhaustion of work, I have been less interested and excited to go to them. I am still pushing myself to go out there, following the 3rd part of the Triangle “Go Outside,” which has become significantly weaker since my job has begun.
Reading is still fairly strong right now, the amount that I am reading has taken a large hit but the overall stamina of reading is consistent around 30 to 60 pages per day. Programming in Python is interesting, because I have finally realized that my only ticket to getting a job of what I want to do is going to actually require me to suffer through the pain of teaching myself programming. Alight Solutions has offered me a job that is more of a health care client manual-improver, but the improvement of the systems is less related to programming and more relating to jumping around between different databases and pulling information. I was more expecting a huge amount of VBA or SQL programming, but the job is not focused on that at all.
Thus, programming in Python is my ticket out of Alight Solutions. I don’t care about the money, I don’t care about the title, if I am not programming then my interest is waning. Out of curiosity, I have spoken with my coworkers Kashir, Omair, and Zeke, and all of them got their eyes on the money. They have their eyes on the ball of a big consulting salary, which I can understand is respectable. All of us would like money, as money can buy short-term happiness which is for most of the population confused with long-term happiness. 
Where do I see myself? In about 2 years, I will probably be at extremely high risk of quitting my job without a promotion to a more technical focused role. Specifically, at that point, (and I do assume that maybe a year or two down the line I do read this), I hope to be getting involved with Alterax, the macro recorder that has been making its rumors around in the office. If that is a new technology, give me that as fast as possible. I am not looking to stall. Oh, let me rant about something.
I specifically did not choose to major in computer science because I believed, about 6 years earlier, that when I did graduate college with an econ degree, I would have enough discipline to teach myself computer science, rather than having a school manually teach it to me myself. The explanation of that can be further expanded when looking at my dad. My dad majored in art, but he went into tech in his early 30s, and I believe that not having a computer science background helped him more in the long run because he was able to take initiative to teach him the material himself. 
I am in a similar situation. I don’t have any foundation for computer science besides playing around with the programming in Sassilization in VR after my awesome acid trip that made me decide what I wanted to do in my life. Thus I believe that the economics degree will help me in the long run, but hurt my salary in the short run. I took an exponential growth curve, over a linear growth curve, over the next 40 years of my life. 
So, I mentioned Sassilization. What am I going to do about that? Well, I learned something about Sassilization the moment I had Aunt Kathy take the Grit scale in the book “Grit,” and she scored in the top 7% of all Americans who take that scale in the perseverance category. This category is interesting because me and Aunt Kathy score extremely high together in all of the questions except one. I scored a 1, she scored a 5. That question in perseverance?
“I finish what I begin.”
Me? 1. Her? 5. Who is the executive? Her. Who is the one who makes big promises and abandons them half way through? Me. Thus, I realize that I have made a big mistake of setting huge goals for myself and then eventually replacing those goals rather than modifying them as I get older. The fact that I made the Sassilization in VR goal, but wasn’t doing any programming while I was building the game, made me abandon that goal in its entirety. What the case actually is, is that I should have pivoted that goal into making Sassilization in Python, thus getting programming experience while doing something I really enjoy: making a carbon copy model of the game that is slightly better in design.
That is what I do. I copy and paste other people’s designs and make then my own, except slightly better. That is what successful people do, even Sam Walton. If the competition is doing something right, don’t curse them. Learn, understand, and then nail what is being done right. This is primarily why I have read so many books, because Warren Buffet said that if you want to get as successful as me, read a book every day. Elon Musk said that he doesn’t waste more than 5 minutes in a single day. Jeff Bezos always keeps the end in mind, when he is 80 years old he can look back on his life without regret. 
So I do copy Elon Musk’s strategy, and Warren Buffet. I agree with both. As for Jeff Bezos, I believe that if I don’t finish this Sassilization thing in some form, I will have a tremendous amount of regret and sadness that I never committed to the one game that I truly loved playing. Dispite it taking a trememous amount of hours out of my life, there is a difference between Sassilization and League of Legends/Europa Universals 4. Sassilization is a game that you play to win, and only playing perfectly can you win. There are no gimmicks, there are no algorithmns, there are no rules in place. Here is the game, here is your spawn point, win the game. It is like a game of Risk combined with Catan on a 3D map where awareness is your greatest strength and your lack of awareness is your biggest weakness. It is a careful balance between managing on a micro scale, and cooridating different attacks/defenses on a macro scale. It is a balance between diplomacy, sharing information, balancing an economy, all while never losing sight of the final goal: Hitting 1000 gold. It doesn’t matter how bad the odds are against you, how many people are teaming up against you, there is always a way to get that 1000 gold.
I have had tremendous moments in Sassilization that were absolutely won by the teeth. So many times I have clutched victory by literally 10-20 seconds from my enemeies because as I became more desperate, I took greater risks that were all-or-nothing, I would destroy them or they would destroy me, and that is what made me such a dangerous player. I would literally bank everything on a ninja city, or on a rush, or on a single attack, or on a single wall breach, to get me to win a game. I always find a way to win, no matter how dirty I have to get my hands to find it. There is literally nobody out there on this entire planet who is better than me at Sassilization. There is simply nobody. I can 1v1 Jova, Aprotis, Mike, Melo, and more. They could never defeat me in a 1v1. My strategies are a carbon copy from Hipskovik, who is literally the only person on the entire planet who could equally match me in Sassilization. I still have fond memories of getting ninja’d by him in the most ungodly of places and times, when I least expect it. Perhaps that era is gone, perhaps there is nobody left. Everyone grew up. Everyone went their own way. Now Fort Nite and Mine Craft is taking the scene. People are moving on.
Except me. I refuse to move on. I refuse to go with the flow to the next big game to consume my time. I believe I struck gold by playing Sassilization. I fully understand its elements and its gameplay, the thing is literally built perfectly in terms of overall structure and theme. There is only the problem of there being no platform to support the game outside of Garry’s Mod, I feel like if there was ever a chance a game like Sassilization hit the market, it would be a tremendous success. Even if I made no money from it, even if I had to invest a lot of time into building it, I still truly believe that this game is possibly the greatest RTS game in existence because it is so simple to play but incredibly complex and difficult to master. It is the difference between a master fighting 3 or 4 people at the same time, on the same map, or even fighting 6 people at one time and still winning (yes I actually did that).
I recorded those videos, Ryan, not so that you can look at them and feel good about yourself. I recorded them specifically so you can rebuild the game you loved so much as a child yet no longer exists. I recorded them so you can understand the strategies used to play, at the absolute peak of my gameplay level, and understand whether or not that can be translated into a Python AI program in the future. I don’t care about AI as a job, or AI as a career, I care about whether or not I can have someone defeat me in this game. I have never lost a single game that was by making the same mistake twice. Every single defeat in Sassilization was a tremendous learning experience that grew me into the player I was, 88888888, at the very end of my Sassilization career. I retired from the game, but now it’s time to build it. Slowly, in a system, where nobody will know.
Nobody will care. Nobody wants to see that I can do it. Everyone will give me advice on how to build Sassilization. I am literally the only person, besides Sassafrass, who can build this game. Okay, enough rant, now the Python is specifically for building Sassilization, but it is building a Sassilization AI. It will probably take me a year at my current pace to build an AI connect 4 game, but I would like to build an AI Tic-Tac-Toe game by my birthday.
